Israel is evacuating towns along the
border with Gaza ahead of its expected
ground offensive Into The Enclave
artillery tanks and weapons are
gathering along the border well let's
get more on that military buildup our
reporter Stephanie Decker has been
traveling across that
area we've just stopped on the side of
the road because we saw what is a uh
very
large collection of Tanks Israeli tanks
apcs military hardware
here soldiers
see more tanks being brought in in fact
there's another
one looks like there's just been a
hit rocket
hit rocket fire also you mentioning
there continuously coming out of Gaza we
actually what you're seeing is coming
out of Israel we can't conf confirm what
this hit is we are around the area of
ashalon just outside of
it more tanks here along the
way
no oh wow the tanks are uh
completely blinding us a lot of activity
here in the
uh in the outskirts around
Gaza the sun is Now
setting and we've been traveling uh all
around the Border area you can probably
hear a drone in the sky seen our
outgoing artillery from here and
multiple air strikes and this is just
the beginning Stephanie deer aljazera on
the outskirts of Gaza